fix: Improved dynatrace integration guide (#634)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md

- The [Telemetry module](../README.md) is [enabled](https://kyma-project.io/#/02-get-started/08-install-uninstall-upgrade-kyma-module?id=install-uninstall-and-upgrade-kyma-with-a-module)
- An instance of SAP Cloud Logging with OpenTelemetry enabled to ingest distributed traces.
  >**TIP:** It's recommended to create it with the SAP BTP Service Operator (see [Create an SAP Cloud Logging Instance through SAP BTP Service Operator](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-logging/cloud-logging/create-sap-cloud-logging-instance-through-sap-btp-service-operator?locale=en-US&version=Cloud)), because it takes care of creation and rotation of the required Secret. However, you can choose any other method of creating the instance and the Secret, as long as the parameter for OTLP ingestion is enabled in the instance. For details, see [Configuration Parameters](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-logging/cloud-logging/configuration-parameters?locale=en-US&version=Cloud).

> - A Secret in the respective namespace in the Kyma cluster, holding the credentials and endpoints for the instance. In this example, the Secret is named `sap-cloud-logging` and the namespace `sap-cloud-logging-integration` as illustrated [here](./secret-example.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A Secret in the respective namespace in the Kyma cluster, holding the credentials and endpoints for the instance. In this example, the Secret is named `sap-cloud-logging` and the namespace `sap-cloud-logging-integration` as illustrated in this [sample `.yaml` file](./secret-example.yaml).
```
